When another woman is throwing shade at
you or giving you backhanded
compliments, it's not because there is
something wrong with you. It's her own
insecurity that she's projecting on to
you. When you're in a relationship and
he's saying that you are masculine, nine
times out of 10, it's not because you
are masculine, it's because he is too
feminine and is pushing you to take on
responsibility that he is supposed to
take on. Many people, especially women,
will hate and despise you for the exact
same thing they are trying to become. If
you crave male validation more than
self-rust, you will always keep
betraying yourself. And at the end of
the day, no man will ever truly respect
you. The more desperate you become to be
chosen, the less likely you will get
chosen. If you don't respect other
women, you don't respect yourself. Some
people simply don't want you to heal
because they know your healed version
won't need them anymore. No man is able
to protect you if you're not able to
protect your own energy. Boundaries are
literally the foundation of polarity.
And if you do not learn to set
boundaries, no man will ever be able to
protect